good night everything is good
Good night guys, thank you very much for the opportunity
people do this kind of
if the thread of a transvestite
Chinese growth is true in July measurement
I'm 28 years old
I'm from the sign of life.
What makes me proud
a child of
or in bonus
citibank hall
created here
to be intimidated to say that I want to whom everything wants to commit
I have a wife
and the sílvio santos
but the work
I suffered prejudice you think the people here are paulo has prejudice
Buddhist
without winning for days
like this
I twist your link so
a robusta lived for having
who lives in campinas of life in the fast there yes
who lives in the west zone of futsal
multiply
and I came to live such a person but sometimes I already sent the truck the recent
climb and surround the premium work motives
and also to be only lacking to do things that did not make long ago
things of childhood back to catch wave on the beach of other saints had to
back correct form
It's very tasty the family account is very important
that affect your pants kind of crap tati is not something for hobo
in her muslims
cocaine marijuana and anyway to favor self-interest
it's a kitchen that has been dilated like no one else's face to face
it's over
and so do not have what to do petare this genetics
that's what we like
It's the children who love both Roraima and totally against the
drug with alcohol then this issue in the case I think very strange
in the genetic sequence and can not escape it
the table of the senate that policy the cocaine
new rated my competitors' dad
I did not understand this trend
since this fourth class f40 permanence of the troops I am very
I happened to go to the place that you will meet guy that has a guy
there it's a bad mouth
cissa I think if you do not know and pass
I'm going to make a goal still rotated from the place but see this place 29
and let the world
or pulpit with a position I returned
it only stokes a lot
r7 com
the morenão nortão
in a bar in the period
Did you want the month
he would have sought
you would have to seek salvation not only
not
I fell ill protected from the cancer wheels of the author of the police changed
shots with the police on Tuesday
penalty that the process continues small evaluates
It's good that he's just pasteur
but never to own an ascari kick happen
if you come to athens gre from the guy
now you know your stomach
receive a slice of the bonfim
not even
but then head the owner of a beauty salon you go is the way that today
receives this cut
costs two thousand and five hundred reais and the symbolic value
but you will receive the bassinet treatment
teams shared their hair
another from a gas station
Do you want your car on Sunday?
at 18 and 30 min brings your family but your each one
here in the post the east side has to receive the gas baptized by the apostle
valdemiro
made
the past is kind of like this I'm very playful right?
my girlfriend now have such level
she promised child at a time
I play a lot with the things talked about too much child you do not need
very immature
You know you need to grow a little longer, if you did not even look for me anymore.
cinema but with a detail
the u2 to win
it was not
the goal of the games is the guys
his team
who will give discordant tips
Only in aveiro
but then it also has very well until the last save the world
the quintet with videos christ
here is our latte
the couple in the world but he can catch the black guy had mind what we in
defense discounts
turns on
when the idea interested me
but anyway I like being fit
this love of affection because it is a relationship that is going legal as
servant claimed to be hot
it's almost as I say it is to have a relationship with a partner a wedding
because you are a man, I am a woman, or I speak
fans like
in a research that the woman tana
the fan 8 thousand words
the purpose of the test was very much
the fear of an organic chemical reaction to be again if you want
of crisis
in the political field
I do not want to talk to you.
the man speaks only the portrait woman explains the causes of the landing
You stay there very warmly after
while a woman who loves it
with the growth of each region the title of builders with wheat
let's decide if you can spare cauldron
Asked by the question need something for this
O
but the league's depreciation
I was already married
I'm here so I believe in reincarnation
joaquim
and not content with it
I'll get married again, so I'm going to get married again.
it's as if I've already had almost five months away because
she directed dinner
this 14
the temptation of the paranpa was to have cold passtor
will have much more ahead as the destination than 20 to 100% pec
my cousins
the very very close son
and it's a nice relationship that we have a relationship
very cool so when it started it was not
It is a little hard
is that things at the beginning of next month
I want to comment on the first stone in my house I do not like talking to
short but with full load on the assembled house
a simoni thing
why it was surrounded by the 'open door' of a cowboy in the proposal like this
it's not like this
how simple it is because they have no voting power in the survey and
with the model will leave
cost me concept
tomorrow 4 in Bahia will not go down if left without the party attacked the first
Then I'll talk to the fire in the room and sit down and lock the door low for
cent
Mario Linus
the last victims at the door